---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: 2023-09-21
---


# Privacy Policy {.container}

We at Noomatic (together with our affiliates, "Noomatic", "we", "our", or "us")
respect your privacy.  This Privacy Policy covers all services and websites
operated by Noomatic.

Before using the Services or submitting any Personal Information to Noomatic,
please review this Privacy Policy carefully.  By using the Services, you agree
to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this
Privacy Policy, you may not access any of our Websites or otherwise use the
Service.

## Personal Information We Collect

We collect information from website access logs, user submitted content
(conversations with the Unimatic chatbot), and recommendations from the
Unimatic chatbot that reflect or synthesize data the user may have submitted.
This data comes from the following sources:

1. Direct access of the website or mobile app. When you use a browser to look
at a page on the website or mobile app, each access is logged.  We may
automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This may
include:

- IP address
- User-agent string

2. Any direct content you submit by having a conversation with the Unimatic chatbot.

## How We Use Personal Information

We may use personal information for the following purposes:

* To provide, administer, maintain and/or analyze the Services;
* To improve our Services and conduct research;
* To communicate with you;
* To develop new programs and services;

## Disclosure of Personal Information

In certain circumstances we may provide your Personal Information to third
parties without further notice to you, unless required by the law:

* Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business operations
needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may provide Personal
Information to vendors and service providers, including providers of hosting
services, cloud services, and other information technology services providers,
email communication software, and web analytics services, among others.

* Business Transfers: If we are involved in strategic transactions,
reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, or transition of service to another
provider (collectively, a “Transaction”), your Personal Information and other
information may be disclosed in the diligence process with counterparties and
others assisting with the Transaction and transferred to a successor or
affiliate as part of that Transaction along with other assets.

* Legal Requirements: We may share your Personal Information, including
information about your interaction with our Services, with government
authorities, industry peers, or other third parties (i) if required to do so by
law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a
legal obligation, (ii) to protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) if
we determine, in our sole discretion, that there is a violation of our terms,
policies, or the law; (iv) to detect or prevent fraud or other illegal
activity; (v) to protect the safety, security, and integrity of our products,
employees, or users, or the public, or (vi) to protect against legal liability.

* Affiliates: We may disclose Personal Information to our affiliates, meaning
an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with
OpenAI. Our affiliates may use the Personal Information we share in a manner
consistent with this Privacy Policy.

## Age Requirement

If you are under 13 years old OR if you are an EU citizen or resident under 16
years old, you are not authorized to use the Services. Our Services are not
directed to children who are under the age of 13, regardless of location, or
children under 16 who are located in a European Union Member State. 

## Links to Third Party Websites and Services

The Service may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by
us, including social media services (“Third Party Sites”). The information that
you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy
policies and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy
Policy. By providing links in the course of providing the Services, we do not
imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites. Please contact the
applicable Third Party Site directly for information on their privacy practices
and policies.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post the latest
version of our privacy policy on this page.

## Contact

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact [privacy@noomatic.tube](mailto:privacy@noomatic.tube).

